# TEXTMATCHING
INTRODUCTION  Spend as much time as required to solve this problem. No time limit is applied. Write production quality code in your usual style, using C#. Do not use built-in language functionality to directly solve the problem. So do not use the built-in pattern matching functions:  String::split(), String::indexOf(), String::lastIndexOf(), String::substring(), Regex.Match(), etc...  The solution should provide this functionality if applicable. You may use the String class to hold information while your own algorithm does the matching. Do not copy an existing algorithm from the Internet; you do not need to implement the fastest possible algorithm. You may choose any means of accepting input and producing output, including the use of a test harness. Note: String functions not related to matching can be used.  Please return the completed code in a zip file named CODE_TEST_&lt;Candidate Name>.zip  REQUIREMENTS  Write an application that fulfils the following requirements:  1. Accepts two strings as input: one string is called "text" and the other is called "subtext" in  this problem statement, 2. Matches the subtext against the text, outputting the character positions of the beginning  of each match for the subtext within the text. 3. Allows multiple matches 4. Allows case insensitive matching  ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA  Input text: Polly put the kettle on, polly put the kettle on, polly put the kettle on we'll all have tea  Subtext: Output:  INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE Code Test: Text Matching | v 1.00  © 2017 Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.  Polly 1, 26, 51 Subtext: Output:  polly 1, 26, 51 Subtext: Output:  ll 3, 28, 53, 78, 82 Subtext: Output:  Ll 3, 28, 53, 78, 82 Subtext: Output:  X &lt;no matches> Subtext: Output:  Polx &lt;no matches> 
